The first example of accent.
Everyone, everyone.
Just by the tone of your voice,
Ah, everyone, ah, everyone.
The same word.
Everyone, walk, airplane, fast, move, bitter.
The second example of accent.
Soon, from the roof,
Everyone, walk, airplane, mother, grandfather,
I can see it so far.
Black, black,
A single-edged bell,
Even there,
It is rare,
Please do it.
For the distinction of accents,
I will try to say it with various people.
Please listen carefully to the boundary
from high to low.
Flower, flower, flower, flower.
Ordinary accent.
Cherry blossoms, blooming, soldiers, sun,
From the school of the military,
I am a servant.
Always a fixed accent.
Come out, come out, come down, come down,
Give, give, cry, cry,
Come out, come out, get up, get up,
Go out, go out,
Come out, get out, get up,
Come down, get down,
Cry, don't cry,
Come up, don't get up,
Get out, don't get out,
Come out, come out,
Let's get off.
Kudasaru, kudasai masho.
Naku, nakimashou.
Agaru, agarimashou.
Dekakeru, dekake masho.
Deru, demashita.
Oriru, orimashita.
Kudasaru, kudasai masho.
Naku, nakimashita.
Agaru, agarimashita.
Dekakeru, dekake masho.
Deru, ode nasai.
Oriru, orinasai.
Naku, onakinasai.
Agaru, oagarinasai.
Dekakeru, odekakenasai.